.\" Copyright 2010-2014 Jeff Ferr (jeffersonfr@gmail.com)
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH mLIVE 1  2010-08-21 "" "mlive's Manual"
.SH NAME
mlive \- live stream reflector
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mlive
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
This server manage a set of live streams of many formats. Clients can request live stream from WEB on port 6500 [default].
.TP
\fB\-p\fR <port>
server port [6500 by default]
.TP
\fB\-a\fR
auto-reset in crash
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
print all options
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
print current version of server
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jeff Ferr.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <jeffersonfr@gmail.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010-2014 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

This is free software. You may redistribute copies of it under the terms of the GNU General Public License <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
Type one of these options in your preferred browser:

Request unicast stream:
.br
	http://host:port/event.xxx?source=<udp,http>-ip-port&destination=<udp-ip-port,http>&method=stream[&resource=/]

Request multicast stream (application level):
.br
	http://host:port/event.xxx?source=<udp,http>-ip1-port1-ip2-port2-ip3-port3[...]&destination=<udp-ip-port,http>&method=stream[&resource=/]

Webservice interface:
.br
	http://host:port/?method=getinfo

Getting configuration:
.br
	http://host:port/?method=getconfig

Setting configuration:
.br
	http://host:port/?input-rate=256&output-rate=256&max-clients=4&max-sources=4&buffer-size=1024&update-time=2&method=setconfig
.SH "SEE ALSO"
For more informations visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/mlive.
.br
For more informations visit http://sourceforge.net/projects/jlibcpp.

